Merge the Updated Codebase (#201)
FeTS-AI/Challenge: Task_2/README.md

Reviewer: Instead of completely removing this, I would perhaps just suggest you leave a single comment about Task_2 being available on this link: https://github.com/FeTS-AI/Challenge/tree/2022/Task_2

> Task 2 is still available on this link: https://github.com/FeTS-AI/Challenge/tree/2022/Task_2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Information related to Task 2 of the FeTS Challenge is available on this link: https://github.com/FeTS-AI/Challenge/tree/2022/Task_2
```
